OBSDOCS-762: Remove outdated 5.6 API docs and add docs for 5.7, 5.8 (#72952)
openshift/openshift-docs: logging/api_reference/logging-5-7-reference.adoc

Reviewer: Went through this file somewhat thoroughly, though not complete. I know a lot of this might not go anywhere, but I tried to call out a few things that would be nice to had standardized in case there's ever the opportunity to get to them.

|======================

=== .spec.logStore.elasticsearch.proxy.resources.limits

Type:: object

=== .spec.logStore.elasticsearch.proxy.resources.requests

Type:: object

=== .spec.logStore.elasticsearch.resources

Type:: object

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

|limits|object|  *(optional)* Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.
|requests|object|  *(optional)* Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.
|======================

=== .spec.logStore.elasticsearch.resources.limits

Type:: object

=== .spec.logStore.elasticsearch.resources.requests

Type:: object

=== .spec.logStore.elasticsearch.storage

Type:: object

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

|size|object|  The max storage capacity for the node to provision.
|storageClassName|string|  *(optional)* The name of the storage class to use with creating the node&#39;s PVC.
|======================

=== .spec.logStore.elasticsearch.storage.size

Type:: object

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

> |Format|string|  Change Format at will. See the comment for Canonicalize for

Reviewer: sentence seems cut off

|d|object|  d is the quantity in inf.Dec form if d.Dec != nil

> |i|int|  i is the quantity in int64 scaled form, if d.Dec == nil

Reviewer: These two could probably use some explanation

|tolerationSeconds|int|  *(optional)* TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be
|value|string|  *(optional)* Value is the taint value the toleration matches to.
|======================

=== .spec.logStore.elasticsearch.tolerations[].tolerationSeconds

Type:: int

=== .spec.logStore.lokistack

LokiStackStoreSpec is used to set up cluster-logging to use a LokiStack as logging storage.
It points to an existing LokiStack in the same namespace.

Type:: object

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

|name|string|  Name of the LokiStack resource.
|======================

=== .spec.logStore.retentionPolicy

[IMPORTANT]
====
This API key has been deprecated and is planned for removal in a future release. For more information, see the release notes for logging on Red{nbsp}Hat OpenShift.
====

Type:: object

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

|application|object|
|audit|object|
|infra|object|
|======================

=== .spec.logStore.retentionPolicy.application

Type:: object

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

> |diskThresholdPercent|int|  *(optional)* The threshold percentage of ES disk usage that when reached, old indices should be deleted (e.g. 75)

Reviewer: ES = Elasticsearch?

|maxAge|string|  *(optional)*
|namespaceSpec|array|  *(optional)* The per namespace specification to delete documents older than a given minimum age
|pruneNamespacesInterval|string|  *(optional)* How often to run a new prune-namespaces job
|======================

=== .spec.logStore.retentionPolicy.application.namespaceSpec[]

Type:: array

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

|minAge|string|  *(optional)* Delete the records matching the namespaces which are older than this MinAge (e.g. 1d)
|namespace|string|  Target Namespace to delete logs older than MinAge (defaults to 7d)
|======================

=== .spec.logStore.retentionPolicy.audit

Type:: object

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

> |diskThresholdPercent|int|  *(optional)* The threshold percentage of ES disk usage that when reached, old indices should be deleted (e.g. 75)

Reviewer: ES = Elasticsearch?

|======================
|Property|Type|Description

|diskThresholdPercent|int|  *(optional)* The threshold percentage of ES disk usage that when reached, old indices should be deleted (e.g. 75)
|maxAge|string|  *(optional)*
|namespaceSpec|array|  *(optional)* The per namespace specification to delete documents older than a given minimum age
|pruneNamespacesInterval|string|  *(optional)* How often to run a new prune-namespaces job
|======================

=== .spec.logStore.retentionPolicy.infra.namespaceSpec[]

Type:: array

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

|minAge|string|  *(optional)* Delete the records matching the namespaces which are older than this MinAge (e.g. 1d)
|namespace|string|  Target Namespace to delete logs older than MinAge (defaults to 7d)
|======================

=== .spec.visualization

This is the struct that will contain information pertinent to Log visualization (Kibana)

Type:: object

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

|kibana|object| **(DEPRECATED)** *(optional)* Specification of the Kibana Visualization component
|nodeSelector|object|  Define which Nodes the Pods are scheduled on.

> |ocpConsole|object|  *(optional)* OCPConsole is the specification for the OCP console plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|ocpConsole|object|  *(optional)* OCPConsole is the specification for the OpenShift Container Platform console plugin
```

Type:: object

=== .spec.visualization.kibana.replicas

Type:: int

=== .spec.visualization.kibana.resources

Type:: object

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

|limits|object|  *(optional)* Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed.
|requests|object|  *(optional)* Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required.
|======================

=== .spec.visualization.kibana.resources.limits

Type:: object

=== .spec.visualization.kibana.resources.requests

Type:: object

=== .spec.visualization.kibana.tolerations[]

[IMPORTANT]
====
This API key has been deprecated and is planned for removal in a future release. For more information, see the release notes for logging on Red{nbsp}Hat OpenShift.
====

Type:: array

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

|effect|string|  *(optional)* Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects.
|key|string|  *(optional)* Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys.
|operator|string|  *(optional)* Operator represents a key&#39;s relationship to the value.

> |tolerationSeconds|int|  *(optional)* TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be

Reviewer: cut off

|value|string|  *(optional)* Value is the taint value the toleration matches to.
|======================

=== .spec.visualization.kibana.tolerations[].tolerationSeconds

Type:: int

=== .spec.visualization.nodeSelector

Type:: object

=== .spec.visualization.ocpConsole

Type:: object

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

|logsLimit|int|  *(optional)* LogsLimit is the max number of entries returned for a query.
|timeout|string|  *(optional)* Timeout is the max duration before a query timeout
|======================

=== .spec.visualization.tolerations[]

Type:: array

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

|effect|string|  *(optional)* Effect indicates the taint effect to match. Empty means match all taint effects.
|key|string|  *(optional)* Key is the taint key that the toleration applies to. Empty means match all taint keys.
|operator|string|  *(optional)* Operator represents a key&#39;s relationship to the value.

> |tolerationSeconds|int|  *(optional)* TolerationSeconds represents the period of time the toleration (which must be

Reviewer: cut off

|value|string|  *(optional)* Value is the taint value the toleration matches to.
|======================

=== .spec.visualization.tolerations[].tolerationSeconds

Type:: int

=== .status

ClusterLoggingStatus defines the observed state of ClusterLogging

Type:: object

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

> |collection|object| **(DEPRECATED)** *(optional)* Deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|collection|object| **(DEPRECATED)** *(optional)*
```

|conditions|object|  *(optional)*
|curation|object|  *(optional)*
|logStore|object|  *(optional)*
|visualization|object|  *(optional)*
|======================

=== .status.collection

[IMPORTANT]
====
This API key has been deprecated and is planned for removal in a future release. For more information, see the release notes for logging on Red{nbsp}Hat OpenShift.
====

Type:: object

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

|logs|object|  *(optional)*
|======================

=== .status.collection.logs

Type:: object

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

|fluentdStatus|object|  *(optional)*
|======================

=== .status.collection.logs.fluentdStatus

Type:: object

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

|clusterCondition|object|  *(optional)*
|daemonSet|string|  *(optional)*
|nodes|object|  *(optional)*
|pods|string|  *(optional)*
|======================

=== .status.collection.logs.fluentdStatus.clusterCondition

> `operator-sdk generate crds` does not allow map-of-slice, must use a named type.

Reviewer: This could use some explanation

Type:: object

=== .status.collection.logs.fluentdStatus.nodes

Type:: object

=== .status.conditions

Type:: object

=== .status.curation

Type:: object

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

|curatorStatus|array|  *(optional)*
|======================

=== .status.curation.curatorStatus[]

Type:: array

[options="header"]
|======================
|Property|Type|Description

|clusterCondition|object|  *(optional)*
|cronJobs|string|  *(optional)*
|schedules|string|  *(optional)*
|suspended|bool|  *(optional)*
|======================

=== .status.curation.curatorStatus[].clusterCondition

> `operator-sdk generate crds` does not allow map-of-slice, must use a named type.

Reviewer: same as earlier instance of this
